---
layout: post
title: The unnoticed
image: /images/Emma2.jpg
hero: /images/Picture1.jpg
author: HA NGUYEN
authorFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/emma.nguyen28
postFooter: Thank you for visiting, reading, and sharing this with me. 
---
<em>Can you describe how you tie your shoes, how you wash your hands, how you wear clothes? These are those things that we take for granted every day. These are bygones of our childhood, of Mother's attentive voice, or maybe some of us are even born with them. Are those things worth being noticed, though? Maybe no, but when thinking about creativity, maybe they are.<em>

Today we will be learning how to wash our face in the most effective way. Our goal is to cleanse our facial skin thoroughly, leaving it smooth and clean, without damaging it in any way. We will need our two hands and a skin liquid cleanser.

First, tie your hair tidily so that no hair is left on your face. Now place two hands next to each other, so that the fingers are straight, there are no gaps between them, the two palms face upward, parallel to the sky and the pinky finger of each hand touches each other. Hold the hands in that shape, cup them, and then put them under a running water tap. Lower your face so that it is about eleven inches away from the tap. Make sure that your head is within the border of the sink, so that no water will spill on your clothes or on the floor.

You’ll get lots of water in your hands. Hold the water, and wet your face with it: just let your hands get into contact with your face, and rub it gently all over. Repeat this action several times until you feel that your entire face is moistened.

Now get a small amount of cleanser, equal to the size of a dime, into one of your palms, and get the same amount of water from the tap onto the cleanser. Rub the other palm onto the palm with the cleanser briskly to create foam. The amount of foam produced depends on the type of cleanser you’re using. Now your hands are filled with foam, rub it onto your face in a circular motion, either clockwise or counterclockwise. It should take you one minute to rub your face, with ten seconds on each cheek area, twenty seconds on the forehead area, ten seconds on your nose, and ten seconds on your chin. The time is hugely important as it determines whether your face is just clean, or thoroughly clean. Avoid eye areas, and if the foam gets into your eyes, cleanse them with clean water. Make sure your face is entirely coated with foam and is massaged all over.

Now stand in the same position as when we start, with your face lowered near the tap, within the border of the sink. Repeat the same actions with your hands, so that they are placed next to each other and cupped, and get water from the tap. Rub your hands, along with the water, gently onto your face, again, in a circular motion, to remove the foam. Get water and stroke your face several times to make sure that there is nothing left on your skin. Once you have removed all the foam, your face is now clean.
